To: [email]
From: brad@livejournal.com
Subject: LiveJournal Notice, part 2

[name] ...

Sorry for sending out another mailing so soon after the last one, but I wanted to clear some things up now that I've gotten hundreds of responses...

  -- What most people are saying is that they don't mind banner ads, or
     that mind them but understand that they need to be there.  However,
     others say they need the ability to remove them.  Thus, here is my
     preliminary decision:

       * all "free" journals will have banner ads on them.  you can
         still customize your styles, but there will be some checking
         done to make sure you didn't hide the banner ad in comments
         or something like that.

       * there will be no pop-up banner ads or adult banner ads,
         because both are just plain annoying.

       * you can pay a low-6 month or 12 month fee to have ads
         removed, and also have access to some extra features, like
         priority tech support  (15 seconds instead of 30? <grin>).
         I'm thinking $30/6-mo or $50/year.  (yes, that's some 
         quality savings if you go for a year!  :P)  Does this
         seem too high?  too low?  just right?

       * if you'd like to pay this fee already, you can.  then
         you can rest assured banner ads will never pop up on your
         journal.  See:

            http://www.livejournal.com/faqbrowse.bml?faqid=10

       * users that have sent in contributions in the past will
         get free accounts, as will the first 'n' users, where 'n'
         has yet to be decided.

  -- For merchandise, I'll use cafepress.com.  I won't make much
     profit, but I won't lose anything either.  Plus it'll be
     cool to have a t-shirt with Frank the goat on it saying,
     "Baaaah."  :)

  -- Many users have been replying saying, "I won't use your site
     if I have to pay, that's dumb!".  I never said that.  If you
     don't pay, you'll have the same service you have now, just
     with banner ads (like every other website in existence, almost).
     Paying will just get you a banner-free journal, and maybe some
     extra goodies in the future.

  -- Anybody recommend good banner ad agencies?

  -- Anybody recommend good credit-card takers? ibill.com? paypal.com?

  -- My apologies if I didn't reply to you after the last mailing.
     I replied to the first few hundred, then I kept seeing so many
     duplicates that I decided to send this out and gauge everybody's
     reponses again.

If any questions or comments, feel free to mail me.

Brad
brad@livejournal.com
